(WIP) Start a Specifications section (#255)
conda/conda-dot-org: learn/index.md

> # What is conda
> 
> We are a community supporting a language-agnostic, multi-platform packaging ecosystem for projects of any size and complexity.
> 
> In this section you can learn more about how the conda ecosystem is architected and defined. Of particular interest is the [Specifications](./specifications.md) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# What is conda

We are a community supporting a language-agnostic, multi-platform packaging ecosystem for projects of any size and complexity. This section of our website is devoted to helping those new to community learn how everything works.

If you are brand new to conda, we recommend starting with our extensive [FAQ](./faq.md) page.

For a detailed list of conda enhancement proposals (CEP), see [CEPs](./ceps.mdx).

To learn more about interoperability standards, see [Specifications](./specifications.md).
```

I think this reads better as a landing page for this section. In your initial draft, the "FAQ" section was completely ignored, which considering how information is on that page, should not happen.
